[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Ricardo Gonzalez,
author and researcher from Peru
who has experienced multiple
direct contacts with an
extraterrestrial species called
Apunians.
Today, we're talking about
ETs, interpretation of Jesus
and other great teachers.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you again, Emery.
>> From what you learn
about various ETs,
what could you tell us about
their interpretation of Jesus
and other great teachers?
>> Well, on another occasion,
we discussed the importance
of human evolution
on this planet.
For the extraterrestrial
beings who have contacted me,
it is a very
worrisome situation.
And these beings
considered that we
must reach other horizons of
consciousness and not self
destruct.
As we discussed on
different occasions, Emery,
intellectual
development technology
will not help us to achieve it.
But it is wisdom
that can guide us.
This guiding wisdom or wisdom
that can show us the way
is based on very profound
discoveries about oneself.
These beings who are
in contact with us
emphasize this
point quite a lot;
that human beings have a great
inner capacity to develop
and transform into a great
entity of higher consciousness.
And they told us, you
don't have to look far away
from the planet to try
to understand that.
Throughout its history,
several men and women
have emerged with
a great ability
to connect with the universe
who were in contact with us
in the past and who
guided the people.
They call them
the great masters.
Some of them are very
special and known to us.
Among these figures,
we could mention Jesus.
I should alert people
who are watching us
right now on the
show that when we
talk about these great
masters, they must be taken out
of the religious context.
We must see them as beings
who did great historical work.
And obviously, I'm going to
explain it from the perspective
that these beings have
transmitted to us.
>> Jesus was allegedly
born during the Immaculate
Conception.
Now, is it possible
that this relates
to extraterrestrial
intervention?
>> It's a very
controversial topic, Emery.
Because here
religious beliefs are
mixed with the scriptures
of the times associated
with the life of Jesus.
And it's very
difficult to understand
what exactly happened.
In fact, according to some
skeptics, Jesus did not exist.
He was not a historical
figure and that it
was an invention of the
church to control the masses,
as they say.
But anyway, what I can
tell you, according
to my research, of course,
Jesus is a historical figure.
Beyond the controversial
phenomena surrounding his life,
including his
extraordinary birth, which
involves UFO
phenomenon, of course,
I tried to reinterpret
the scriptures, the Bible,
that described this
event, the birth of Jesus.
And I consulted the beings
who were in contact with us
if they could give us
more information about it.
And we received
something extraordinary
that has guided us in
this research, which
led us to travel several
times to Israel and to Egypt
and other countries.
The archangel Gabriel
had communication
with Jesus's mother, Mary.
And as you will
recall, he announced
that she would become pregnant
and that she would have a very
special child that
she would name Jesus,
which means he who saves.
This was already controversial
because Mary had not
known any men before.
She had not had
sex with any male.
According to religion, Mary was
impregnated by the Holy Spirit.
But the question is,
did this really happen
as we have interpreted
it in religion
or as the messages of
extraterrestrial beings assert,
Jesus's birth may
have been scheduled,
and Mary, a very
special young woman,
because she was a teenager
when she got pregnant,
was artificially inseminated.
There is technology that
allows transmittal even
electromagnetically of the
seed of a man to a woman
without making physical contact.
There are new technologies
that are experimenting
with these and other things.
I can't imagine what beings
from other worlds could do.
And this makes me
wonder if Gabriel
and other angels beyond the
existence of beings of light
or hierarchies on other planes
that we do not know about,
if any of the Angels were
really extraterrestrials
operating in our reality.
But let's assume that
Mary was artificially
inseminated by these beings.
This does not
resolve our doubts.
And another question arises,
where did the seed come from?
According to the
extraterrestrials
and their controversial
information,
they indicate that
throughout history, they
were creating a
gene bank that was
a synthesis of the
great patriarchs
and masters before
the time of Jesus,
samples containing
genetic patterns
from such well-known
and special individuals
as Abraham or Moses.
Speaking of two other
contactees, it's very curious.
Let me bookmark
this conversation.
Investigations of the so-called
Shroud of Turin in Italy,
they show a man who was
crucified and wrapped
in a large sheet.
The sheet, curiously, has
a historical coherence
with the accounts of the Bible.
One of Jesus's disciples saw
it on the ground in the tomb
after Jesus had risen.
Therefore, the sheet was
left with an impression
of the energy of Jesus when
he returned from the dead.
It was said that the sheet
and the image of Jesus that
is on it was a fraud
of the Middle Ages
or that Leonardo da Vinci had
painted it in the Renaissance.
But all of that was rejected.
They were misleading maneuvers.
And the shroud
remains an enigma.
What I did want to point
out in this regard is
that the image of the crucified
man that appears on the sheet
is of a man who has
different traits
of different
ethnicities, as if he
were a mixture of
different ethnicities
and quite tall for his time.
Perhaps the account of the
extraterrestrials who say that
from a gene bank
of great masters
and patriarchs of humanity
was used to inseminate Mary,
it would explain
all this, that Jesus
is a synthesis of that process.
But that's not all, Emery.
We could go on talking about
the mysteries surrounding Jesus
with extraterrestrial contact.
Let me tell you something.
As you may recall,
not all books that
referred to the life of Jesus
were published in the Bible.
They were removed and
practically labeled
as forbidden.
And these apocryphal
Gospels, it is
related that when Mary
already pregnant with Jesus
was fleeing to the
area of Bethlehem,
since there was an order
to pursue her family,
they even wanted to
sacrifice the children who
were born at that time,
the pains of childbirth
did not allow her
to reach Bethlehem.
And as those writings tell, Mary
had to take refuge in a cave.
She was accompanied
by her, quote
unquote, "husband" Joseph.
I say quote unquote
because Joseph was not
really Mary's husband.
There was a cover up.
Because at that
time, for a woman
to get pregnant without having
a husband was very frowned upon.
Joseph was Mary's protector
pretending to be her husband.
Actually, Joseph was a widower.
He had lost his original wife.
He had several children from
that marriage, Jesus's half
brothers and sisters,
which later generated
a lot of confusion in
esoteric literature
as we will all remember.
So going back to what the
apocryphal gospels narrate,
Joseph sent these sons to
find a midwife in Bethlehem
to come to the
cave to help Mary.
And then something
amazing happened
that I've described
verbatim from those gospels.
In those gospels that the church
did not publish in the Bible,
suddenly, everything
was silent and still.
The wind ceased, water
and streams stopped,
birds stopped flying in
the sky as if someone
had paused the Blu-ray.
Who did that?
Then Joseph who could move
and was outside the cave
noticed that a luminous cloud
was located over the cave.
What was that?
A few moments later,
that object leaves.
As if someone
unpauses the movie,
everything starts running again.
A dazed Joseph enters the cave.
And when he goes
in, he finds Mary
already with Jesus in
her arms who had been
born without anyone helping.
Then Joseph's sons arrive
with the midwife who
they had found in Bethlehem.
And the midwife can't
believe what's going on.
Seeing a woman already
with a baby in her arms,
already breastfeeding
the baby, and there were
no traces of blood or anything.
Then the incredulous,
skeptical midwife
reached out to touch Mary's
intimate area and some kind
of radiation came out almost
burning her hand, which
causes the midwife to retreat.
What happened?
Who assisted Mary
the birth of Jesus?
What phenomenon could stop time
while all this was happening?
What's the explanation for
that object that was up above?
In the Bible as we know it,
there is a slightly different
UFO reference.
What we know is the
star of Bethlehem,
an object that was moving
to guide three great masters
to the birth of Jesus.
But that object
would stop and then
continue to accompany
these three masters.
What kind of object does that?
Could it be an
astrological alignment?
Regardless of whether
there may have
been any sign in the stars and
their arrangement in the sky,
we are talking about a specific
object that accompanied
what are called the three Magi.
It's very strange.
And according to this account,
when the star of Bethlehem
comes for the birth of
Jesus, the three masters
gave gifts to the child.
But that's a mistake.
It's not that they were giving
gifts to the newborn Jesus.
Instead, they were
showing him objects
that had belonged to that
baby in a previous existence,
like the tradition to seek out
the Dalai Lama, to show you
objects to see if you recognize
that you had used them before
in a supposed previous life.
When we asked the
extraterrestrials
how this was possible,
they assured us
that highly evolved
souls from the Earth
came again and again
to our world to teach.
So I inevitably
asked the question,
was the soul that incarnated
as Jesus here on Earth before?
And they said,
yes, several times.
His last incarnation as a
human on Earth was as Jesus.
My mind exploded.
I thought, I can't
share this with people.
They're going to
think I've gone crazy.
But I decided to ask
a new question, what
was one of those supposed
previous reincarnations
of Jesus?
And they answered, a
great teacher of India.
Then I knew they were
referring to Buddha
and there is something
very curious.
The birth of Buddha,
according to tradition,
was also associated with
the appearance of a star.
Some traditions in
India say that Buddha
was born on the same dates
that today, the birth of Jesus
is celebrated.
Although we know that these
dates are symbolic and that
they are not
rigorously historical.
As if this were not
enough, the Buddha,
Siddhartha Gautama's
mother, her name
was Maya, which means Mary,
the very same name as Jesus's
mother.
In addition, one of the most
important phrases in the wisdom
of Buddha, love others
as if they were you.
This is also the
golden rule of Jesus,
love your neighbor as yourself.
Then I found a common thread
among the great masters
of human history as if part
of a plan and how could
it be otherwise.
When Jesus rose again, he
left in a cloud into the sky.
I don't know what
this might mean.
I disagree with those
extraterrestrial contact groups
who have said that Jesus
was an extraterrestrial,
or that Moses or Buddha or
Muhammad or other great masters
were extraterrestrials on Earth.
They were human beings, great
masters, with great knowledge
and great inner wisdom who
were assisted and accompanied
by beings from other realities.
In the specific case of Jesus,
an extraordinary human being
connected to the
universe, he didn't
need to be an extraterrestrial
because he achieved
levels of evolution
even superior to many
of the extraterrestrial
entities who are visiting us.
That also impressed me when
these beings told me, me
as well as other
contact witnesses,
that beings like
Jesus had reached
such a level of
consciousness that he
had surpassed what
extraterrestrials
themselves knew.
So they assure us that if
some human beings on Earth
reached that level, that
we should follow that path.
And Jesus himself said
it, if you want to
could do many of the things
that you've seen me do.
If you have faith the
size of a mustard seed,
you would say to
that mountain, move,
and the mountain would move.
>> Ricardo, which
extraterrestrial beings told
you about this
information about Jesus?
>> I've especially obtained
this information through
the extraterrestrials
from Alpha Centauri.
And I've not been
the only contact
witness who has received
this type of information.
And I was so shocked
by these revelations
that I conducted
research, trying
to get some kind of
evidence or confront
what the extraterrestrials
were telling me.
But what beings like Antarel
tell me about Jesus, Buddha,
Moses was very shocking to me.
But then I understood.
Because if these
beings are very in tune
with the development
of human consciousness
and they have studied our
history in great depth,
obviously, they
know about Jesus and
some other great
individuals, individuals
who are fully assisted
by higher forces
and with phenomena very
comparable to the UFO sightings
that we have recorded today.
For example, let me tell you
about another great master.
1,400 years before Jesus,
Moses became a great master
for humanity even
though in his youth
he made mistakes,
like when he murdered
an Egyptian who was beating
a Hebrew, which led him
into exile.
But later, Moses
came into contact
with something superior and
wonderful and he was redeemed.
His main place of
contact was Mount Sinai.
I traveled many times to
that place and camped there.
It is a wonderful
place of contact
where Moses received
many instructions.
Let us not forget that
he exerted great pressure
on the Egyptian empire that
was punished with his famous 10
plagues that caused
pharaoh to free the Hebrew
people from the Egyptian yoke.
And guided by Moses, they
wandered in the wilderness.
And they were accompanied by
an object in the sky, a column.
A column shaped
cloud during the day,
which at night emitted
so much light that it
was called a pillar of fire.
Who accompanied Moses on
his wonderful mission?
Who helped him with the
crossing of the Red Sea?
Beyond recent
studies that attempt
to suggest that they
cross through areas
where the water was shallow, how
can the phenomena of that time
be explained?
How can you explain
that water could
flow from Iraq for the
Hebrew people to drink,
or that with the morning dew,
the famous manna appeared, food
from God, and that there
are some rabbinic scriptures
from rabbis that say, according
to what you wish to taste,
manna transformed into that.
That is, if a person
wanted something sweet,
manna tasted sweet.
And if a person wanted or
needed something salty,
the manna changed to that.
Who did this?
And why does tradition
affirm that a sample of manna
was guarded inside the
Ark of the Covenant?
By the way, that Ark was built
by instructions from heaven.
Moses received this
information on Mount Sinai
with exact measurements
with acacia wood
and covered in gold leaf.
Modern studies have shown that
this Ark with that structure;
that construction, with
the instructions that Moses
received, generates a
kind of electric battery.
Who instructed Moses to build
the Ark of the Covenant?
And the other question
is, where is the Ark?
It was said to be
inside Solomon's temple
but then it disappeared.
It was said to have
ended up in Ethiopia
but no one really
knows where it is.
And what's inside the Ark?
More than manna,
whatever it was,
the important thing is that
these great masters of history
were assisted by
superior forces.
And in my way of seeing things,
with the active participation
of extraterrestrials.
I could also talk about Elijah,
an important prophet mentioned
in the Old Testament
in the Bible
who was taken up to heaven in a
chariot of fire, not by chance.
Before he began the final
part of his mission,
and I'm referring
to Jesus, Jesus
climbed to the top of
Mount Hermon, a topic
that we have also discussed
here in Cosmic Disclosure.
And when Jesus
was high up there,
there was a great
transformation,
a great phenomenon in front
of three of his disciples.
Next to Jesus, a
holographic image
appeared of Moses and Elijah,
two previous contactees.
And they appeared beside
Jesus on Mount Hermon.
Because Mount Hermon,
as we have spoken here,
Emery, like Mount Sinai or
if you like Mount Shasta
here in the United States,
is another place of contact.
So the great masters of
human history were not alone.
>> The ET beings that
influenced Jesus and Buddha,
are they connected
to the Apunians?
>> Not necessarily.
The beings who are in contact
with me that we call Apunians,
they were the ones who shared
this information with me,
who motivated me to research.
But what they tell me
is that another group
of extraterrestrials,
another type of hierarchy
were the ones who were involved
in these historical processes
along with Jesus, with Moses,
and other great masters
in human history.
We are talking about events
that occurred thousands of years
ago.
But don't be surprised
that the same beings who
would have been with
Moses on Mount Sinai
more than 3,000 years
ago are the same that
are now flying over our skies.
Thousands of years have gone by
for us, but for those beings,
it just happened.
>> Is it possible the second
coming may be the disclosure
that we're waiting for?
>> That's a wonderful question.
There are people who are
waiting for the return
of the Buddha of compassion.
Others were waiting
for the Messiah
or the second coming of Jesus.
The shamans of Peru wait for
the Inkari, the secret Inca.
We all expect the
return of something.
And apart from those
wonderful promises,
I think that there
is a broader meaning.
The second coming is the rebirth
of authentic information,
the rebirth of humanity in love,
in compassion, in knowledge.
In fact, many call this
phenomenon the Christic spirit.
But when I say Christ, I'm not
talking about Jesus the person.
We are talking about Christ
consciousness, of course.
Christ consciousness
does not necessarily
have to do with
Jesus, the individual.
The word Christ means to be
anointed, marked, initiated.
It would be like a great state
of consciousness of light, very
broad, very large,
extraordinary,
and that wonderful
awareness was taught
by Buddha, Krishna,
Moses, Jesus, and so
many other masters.
When all these
teachings come into play
and we can be
reborn in love, that
will be the true second
coming because we
don't have to wait for someone
to come and save us again,
but we have to save ourselves.
And that's through
Christ consciousness.
>> Oh, Ricardo, so very
well put and so beautiful.
I love having these very
deep conversations with you.
Thank you for being on the show.
>> Thank you my brother.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>> Next on Cosmic Disclosure.
>> There are beings of pure
energy and consciousness who
coexist with us, that are
not governed by our concept
of space time.
I believe that there is a deep
level of information that comes
from contact with these beings.
This sounds like a dream,
a science fiction movie,
because these beings have
no brain, no physical body,
no flesh, and blood like us.
The goal of these beings
is to reveal to us
that there is this
magical structure
in our world connected
to the universe which
has important information.
[MUSIC PLAYING]